Replaced Pylon with SupportHog (#18160)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/cs-and-onboarding/handling-customer-issues.md

### Tickets from Slack

Customers can [create tickets from Slack](/handbook/engineering/support-hero#creating-zendesk-tickets-from-slack-posts) by adding the 🎫 emoji reaction (or mentioning `@SupportHog`). This means they can get help even when you're asleep or on holiday. Let your customer know about this, and remind them now and then.

> If you're working on a ticket the customer raised in Slack, let support know to avoid duplicate effort. Leave an internal note in PostHog.

Reviewer: you can now assign this to yourself in PostHog as we don't have seat issues. Keep it assigned to yourself while you're working on the ticket and either set it to resolved when you're done or assign it to Team Support when you want to escalate it.

> If you're working on a ticket the customer raised in Slack, let support know to avoid duplicate effort. Leave an internal note in PostHog.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're working on a ticket the customer raised in Slack, assign yourself as the owner in PostHog Support, and then either resolve it or assign it to Team Support if you need to escalate it.
```

> > Tip: Customer messages from SupportHog channels also go to [#support-managed-customers](https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C05MUMZLC13). Find the ticket there and follow the link to see the ticket in PostHog.

Reviewer: at the moment it's only when a ticket is created by customers - I can update it to any time they send a reply to the ticket as well if you want?

Author: I think it's fine for now just to be done on ticket creation

## Investigating issues

Ask for specifics: links to the insight, feature flag, or dashboard; a screenshot or the exact error message.

If it helps, log in as the customer. Clicking a link from their PostHog instance will sometimes offer a "log in as" option. Otherwise, go to <PrivateLink url="https://us.posthog.com/admin/">US admin</PrivateLink> (<PrivateLink url="https://eu.posthog.com/admin/">EU admin</PrivateLink>), search for the org or user, and click "Log in as user". If you don't see that option, ask <TeamMember name="Dana Zou" photo /> to add you as a staff member in admin.

> Use our [docs](/docs), [troubleshooting tips](/handbook/support/troubleshooting-tips), and search Slack, Zendesk, and GitHub for similar issues. If you've just joined, spend 30 mins to an hour investigating yourself before asking for help — onboarding is when you learn the products best. Use common sense based on urgency.

Reviewer: I guess this list is missing PostHog support

> Use our [docs](/docs), [troubleshooting tips](/handbook/support/troubleshooting-tips), and search Slack, Zendesk, and GitHub for similar issues. If you've just joined, spend 30 mins to an hour investigating yourself before asking for help — onboarding is when you learn the products best. Use common sense based on urgency.

Author: ```suggestion
Use our [docs](/docs), [troubleshooting tips](/handbook/support/troubleshooting-tips), and search Slack, PostHog Support, Zendesk, and GitHub for similar issues. If you've just joined, spend 30 mins to an hour investigating yourself before asking for help — onboarding is when you learn the products best. Use common sense based on urgency.
```
